github on public information about the different open steps for the date to run the survey of open source community to, we use and to learn all for an open dataset of results. we dataset create it that open source software, people about the most pressing questions about some of the informed hope, their experience, and their relationship to industry that depends on. survey design and themes we to study about learn more. to do github why? I github our goal is better software the construction of everyone is to help. we open source code, communities believe, and principles better software can create. a industry, as we how to open source software about know a lot is created, but it, and people who use the very little about. they are professional developers, students, or hobbyists? better software to build, then we have a software community where needed a regardless of what they look like or where they come from, can participate. this study we how we see will help, a community, as are. open data open source any company or community greater than that. data set to use for anyone cc0-1.0 released under and to learn. contributors this study is primarily designed and github implemented by: franniez - data and social scientist in github. source to open the new but people or the movement of the study to not, the Washington d.c widely in the survey research is, Ivory tower within, and technology sector within. arfon - github in the open source of data for the program manager. scientific cooperation new model for a passion with a lapsed educational, the space in dust to study for large telescope is used, Cambridge pipelines setting construction and by the company online citizen science in people busy لاکھوں- zooniverse founder. mlinksva - open source maven in github. a lapsed engineer and non-lawyer open production and policy utility and scope of an increase in a passion for, with a consultant / director / volunteer and creative Commons in a manager and technologist was. this for US a solo try not, it is very good people and organizations we survey design help: annafil - Carnegie Mellon University in postdoctoral researcher, if you get involved want to help instructions out software research open source of action for checking Institute. this repo licensed content cc0-1.0 released under the opening of the data is. this means you have any Copyright or database right need (if any) this data and survey questions to make use of permission. However: survey participants your privacy rights not waived, our privacy statement read. in particular, survey participants reidentify to try. if you have a publication of this data set of use, this store is a link or reference. you this dataset extension if would be appreciated, open data as you increase share also would be appreciated. cc0-1.0 any trademark allow does not. github® and the stylized version and invertocat Mark trademarks or registered trademarks github are. github logo when using, github logo to follow the instructions not sure. reference information data is also zenodo published on, the formats in a number of citations to create an easy way as well as a doi offers. we original post by to reflect the automatic quotations change to suggest, for example, as below. screen 4 13 at 11 misc {githubopensourcesurvey2017, author = {zlotnick, Francis}, title = {github open source survey 2017}, months = June, year = 2017 2017-06-19 shot, doi = {10.5281 / zenodo.806811}, publisher = {github, Inc.} howpublished = {\ URL {http://opensourcesurvey.org/2017/}}} excerpts and re-use R. Stuart geiger summary analysis 2017 github open source survey "survey asked for each question frequency count, ratio, and frequency or ratio of time for sale in." libreoffice design team open source aspects of what users inquired important, open source survey questions using important, open source survey questions using. the summary open source survey responses with a comparison, including, and their data also cc0-1.0 under has released.
